>> Maximiliano Firtman: Now
we have the server.
The next step is to go to the client.
So in this case, we, for example,
remember our client in public services.
We do have an api.js with
all our endpoints, so
we actually need to fill the new
endpoints that we have here.
But then we need to think about this.
What are the data here?
We need to now add the new services.
Okay, so let's say after login,
we have actually three services.
getFavorites, that will be async.
We have getWatchlist.
Actually, watchlist is one word,
so I shouldn't capitalize the L.
async, something like that.
And we have saveToCollection,
or addToCollection,
however you wanna call this,
that will receive a movie ID, and
also in which collection we should
be saving that movie, okay?
Something like that.
So in this case, well,
we need, for example,
getFavorites should do something
simple like try to return, well,
let's remove the try,
just to understand why we need it.
I will return await of API.fetch.
This is account/favorites.
So something similar to
what we have done before.
Does it make sense?
So let's start with favorites and
watchlist.
So if I wanna try this
without finishing the UI yet,
I'm going to expose the API to the app.
Remember, we do have the app.
The app is exposing the router and
the store.
Let's expose, just for
debugging purposes, the API, okay?
So that means that now I can go
to the browser, refresh, and
try to access the API through app.api.
So if I try to get favorites,
okay, it's 401 (Unauthorized).
So our server is returning 401.
And you say, no, but I'm logged in.
If we go to Application, okay, well,
maybe we are not logged in, so let's try.
If I go to my account,
it seems like we are not logged in.
Okay, let's try again.
We have test.dev, and our very secure
password that we said before that,
of course, here is complaining
that it's not really secure.
Okay, that's Chrome saying,
hey, be careful.
That's a password manager, okay?
So now I do have a JWT, so
if I'm seeing here, it's there.
So that's the JWT.
Okay, it's available
there in local storage.
So also, we can check that in our store,
we do have the token, okay?
So it's there, we are logged in.
The thing is that if we
try again from here to
getFavorites, we are still getting 401.
Does anyone know why?
>> Speaker 2: You're
not passing the token?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: I'm
not passing the token.
The token is not like cookie,
so it's not gonna pass to
the server automatically, okay?
A cookie goes automatically.
So when you're working with sessions,
a cookie works automatically, but
not the token.
This is our custom implementation.
So that means that we need to make
a little change to our API service,
that we have two versions, fetch and send.
Remember, one is just requesting data and
the other one is also sending data.
We could merge both in
just one if we want to.
So here, we should add a new header.
So we need to pass manually this,
the token.
And the standard way to do that,
of course, you may change that,
is to pass authorization,
that's the name of the header.
And JWT goes there with a prefix,
something like this,
Bearer, and then the token, okay?
So we can, well,
I need a coma here because it's JSON,
and then we can use template string and
get from app.store.jwt, the token.
The problem is that, yeah,
it will add it, but maybe it's not there.
Maybe it's null or undefined.
So we may wanna check if it's there or
not first.
So if we do have one, we pass that.
And if not, we can say null.
If we say null, the header will be
ignored, so it will remove the header.
And something similar we can add to fetch.
The problem is that fetch
right now has no headers.
So when we are fetching,
we are not passing headers.
So after the URL, I need to add
a second argument that will be
an object where we can set the header,
similar to what we did before,
and then we need at least this header,
okay?
So we have added the, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Sorry,
I think JWT is misspelled on 55
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Maybe.
Yeah, you're right, thank you.
Again, it's autocomplete for some reason.
There we are, thank you.
So now we are passing, if the token
is there, we're passing the token.
Actually, we're passing the token
to every request, which is okay.
I mean, if it's there, let's pass it.
The server will decide
what to do with that.
Because maybe you can say, well,
but maybe, to get the movies,
we don't need the authorization,
so we don't send it.
But, but, but, but,
maybe you wanna do something with that.
For example, when you get the movies from
the server, if the user is logged in,
you change what you are returning,
such as your watchlist.
I mean, when you go to Netflix,
Netflix.com, the homepage, but
before it has some movies.
But if you're logged in,
you will see also the movies that
you added to your watchlist.
So maybe it's the same API endpoint,
but you will get different responses,
basically, if you have a token or not.
Does it make sense?
So that means that now we can try this
again, and if I try to get favorites,
now I'm not getting a 401, it's a promise.
So because it's a promise, I can wait for
it and I will receive the answer.
Now, in this case, it's null.
Okay, we'll see if it's what I'm
expecting or not, but at least it's null.
I'm not getting any error.
If I'm going to Network and
try this again,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: We should see here
the call, and
we are getting null from the server, okay?
We will see if that's what we want, but
at least it passes the first
step that is actually
receiving the email through
the middleware, okay?
Does it make sense?
We are not getting 401.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay, so the next
step, and then we see if we have a bug or
not, if everything is connected, is to
actually connect this to the UI, okay?
So we have the Favorites and
the Watchlist sections or
pages that we need to actually fill.
So we know how to do that.
Though, it's actually at this point,
pretty simple.
The only thing that we need to do
remember is to register the routes,
create the web component,
create the template.
So everything we've done so
far a couple of times.
In this case, we can use a template for
both collections.
We don't need one for
Favorites and the other one for
Watchlist because they are just the same,
okay?
Just collections, at least.
So we can go here and
create a new template.
It's gonna be our last template.
It's a template-collection, like that.
The template-collection,
I think that for now, will have a UL for
movies, and maybe a title that we can
add later, or something like that.
So we can start with a UL, with an ID,
so we can later grab this by ID.
So let's say this is a list of movies.
Okay, we can add a title there,
so we can fill that title later.
Actually, pretty simple.
When you look at that, you may say,
well, maybe we don't need a template.
We can just write this from the web
component, from JavaScript, okay?
Which is okay.
But maybe in the future,
if you wanna change that,
it's easier if it's in the HTML.
So then we are going to create
the web components, and in this case,
I'm going to use OOP.
So instead of creating the full
code in both classes that they're
gonna be the same, I'm going to
create the base Collection page.
And then we will have Favorites page and
Watchlist page extending
from Collection page, okay?
Does it make sense?
That's kind of the idea.
So I'm going to create
first the three files,
CollectionPage.js, and
then FavoritesPage.js,
and WatchlistPage.js.
Okay, the three.
Now, we have already done
this a couple of times.
So if you want, we can just take the from,
in this case, I think it's H4.
Over here,
we have a template with more details.
If you wanna get the same template
that we have here, it's okay,
you can take it from here.
I'm talking about the template collection.
But the other one will work anyway for
what we are going to create.
And then we need,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: This is
the Collection page.
And the other components are simpler,
okay?
And we can write it manually
to understand what's going on.
So this is the Collection page.
Probably, I will need an import
some points, we'll see.
So the Collection page looks like this.
Extending HTML elements, so
it's actually a web component.
But I'm not defining the web component,
because it's gonna be a base class, okay?
That will have an endpoint.
What's the endpoint?
The API function that we will call,
and a title, and
we are receiving that through
the constructor, okay?
So we control the collection, we pass.
This is favorites and
this is your endpoint.
And then this is looping
through the movies and
actually rendering movie item components.
Okay, this is pretty simple.
And on connectedCallback is
just cloning the template.
We have already done
this a couple of times.
So Favorites, for example,
is gonna be an export class,
FavoritesPage,
extending from not HTML element,
but our CollectionPage.
And the constructor of this
one is gonna call super,
passing the endpoint and the title, okay?
Does it make sense?
So for example,
it's gonna be API.getFavorites,
API needs to be imported.
Be very careful with both imports,
not sure if you realize at this
point what's going on there.
So this is Favorite Movies,
I need to add .js.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: And I'm going
to define this, customElements.define,
and this is gonna be favorite-page.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: And
something very similar on watchlist,
just changing the endpoint,
the name of the class,
Movies in Watchlist, watchlist-page.
I think I'm done with that.
Okay, does it make sense?
So remember, when you're using web
components, you can use OOP, and
create your structure of components
that you just inherit behavior.
And you then enhance that
behavior with subclasses.